vietnam/hanoi/readme.md, before:

# Ha Noi

Welcome To Ha Noi!

## Table of contents

- [Travel](#travel)
- [Hotel](#hotel)
- [Medicine & Facemask](#medicine--face-mask)
- [Coffee](#coffee)
- [Food](#food)
- [Bar](#bar--beer)
- [Shopping](#shopping)
- [Tours](#tours)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Resource](#resources)

## Travel

- When you go from Noi Bai Airport to Ha Noi center, you have several options:
  + Taxi: Mai Linh, Airport Taxi or Taxigroup probably the best one, their price
  is about 300.000-400.000 VND.
  + Minibus: There are minibuses stop near the entrance of the terminal, their
  price is about 40.000 VND. Minibuses leave the airport when full. They will
  only stop at pre-determined destinations, so you may need to use taxi to go to your
  hotel.

  ![1](https://github.com/hieuk09/place_i_know/blob/master/images/minibus.jpg)

- Taxi: Grab taxi, Mai Linh (04) 38 61 61 61, Airport Taxi (04) 38 733 333
- Motobike (xe ôm) - not recommend
- Cyclo: if you want to travel around Pho Co Ha Noi, try it

  ![2](http://www.allvietnam.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/xich-lo.jpg)

## Hotel

- You may use [AirBnB](www.airbnb.com) or other booking services
([Agoda](http://www.agoda.com/)).

## Medicine & Facemask

- You should wear facemask outside in Ha Noi.
- You can buy medicine & facemask easily in the medical care, these stores are
in the hospital or around the street.

## Coffee

### Tip:

1. You can use foody (http://www.foody.vn), you scroll down to the bottom, click on English to switch the languages.
2. you can copy the address and paste them to google maps or show to the taxi drivers.
3. Quận or Q. is District, P. or Phường is Ward

Like Sai Gon, Ha Noi also have a lot of coffee shops, here are some:

- Cong Coffee
  + [100A Xuan Dieu, Tay Ho District](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/cong-caphe-xuan-dieu)
  + [15 Truc Bach, Tay ho District](http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d7299113-Reviews-Cong_caphe-Hanoi.html)

- Star Buck

- Coffee Bean

- Urban station

## Food

- Some traditional food in Ha Noi that you must try
  + Bánh đa cua, bún tôm: [An Bien restaurent](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/an-bien-banh-da-cua)
  + Bún đậu mắm tôm
  + Bún chả
  + Chả cá:
    * [Chả cá Lã Vọng](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d808374-Reviews-Cha_Ca_La_Vong-Hanoi.html)
    * [Chả cá Anh Vũ](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d3778660-Reviews-Cha_Ca_Anh_Vu-Hanoi.html)
  + [Phở cuốn](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/pho-cuon-huong-mai)

- You can also try [street food tour](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Attraction_Review-g293924-d5583955-Reviews-Hanoi_Street_Food_Tour-Hanoi.html)
- There are many foreign restaurants as well:
  + [Sumo BBQ](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293925-d2403757-Reviews-Sumo_BBQ-Ho_Chi_Minh_City.html)
  + [Mexican food](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d4942562-Reviews-Latino_Restaurant_Tapas_Bar-Hanoi.html)
  + [Indian food](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/namaste-hanoi-am-thuc-an-do)

## Bar

## Shopping

## Tours

## Notes

## Resources

- [Hanoi Minibus](http://www.hanoiairportonline.com/hanoi-airport-minibus/)

Commit message:

[b] Add tip about common info

vietnam/hanoi/readme.md, after:

# Ha Noi

Welcome To Ha Noi! You might want to check [Viet Nam](..) for some
common information about Viet Nam.

## Table of contents

- [Travel](#travel)
- [Hotel](#hotel)
- [Medicine & Facemask](#medicine--face-mask)
- [Coffee](#coffee)
- [Food](#food)
- [Bar](#bar--beer)
- [Shopping](#shopping)
- [Tours](#tours)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Resource](#resources)

## Travel

- When you go from Noi Bai Airport to Ha Noi center, you have several options:
  + Taxi: Mai Linh, Airport Taxi or Taxigroup probably the best one, their price
  is about 300.000-400.000 VND.
  + Minibus: There are minibuses stop near the entrance of the terminal, their
  price is about 40.000 VND. Minibuses leave the airport when full. They will
  only stop at pre-determined destinations, so you may need to use taxi to go to your
  hotel.

  ![1](https://github.com/hieuk09/place_i_know/blob/master/images/minibus.jpg)

- Taxi: Grab taxi, Mai Linh (04) 38 61 61 61, Airport Taxi (04) 38 733 333
- Motobike (xe ôm) - not recommend
- Cyclo: if you want to travel around Pho Co Ha Noi, try it

  ![2](http://www.allvietnam.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/xich-lo.jpg)

## Hotel

- You may use [AirBnB](www.airbnb.com) or other booking services
([Agoda](http://www.agoda.com/)).

## Medicine & Facemask

- You should wear facemask outside in Ha Noi.
- You can buy medicine & facemask easily in the medical care, these stores are
in the hospital or around the street.

## Coffee

### Tip:

1. You can use foody (http://www.foody.vn), you scroll down to the bottom, click on English to switch the languages.
2. you can copy the address and paste them to google maps or show to the taxi drivers.
3. Quận or Q. is District, P. or Phường is Ward

Like Sai Gon, Ha Noi also have a lot of coffee shops, here are some:

- Cong Coffee
  + [100A Xuan Dieu, Tay Ho District](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/cong-caphe-xuan-dieu)
  + [15 Truc Bach, Tay ho District](http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d7299113-Reviews-Cong_caphe-Hanoi.html)

- Star Buck

- Coffee Bean

- Urban station

## Food

- Some traditional food in Ha Noi that you must try
  + Bánh đa cua, bún tôm: [An Bien restaurent](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/an-bien-banh-da-cua)
  + Bún đậu mắm tôm
  + Bún chả
  + Chả cá:
    * [Chả cá Lã Vọng](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d808374-Reviews-Cha_Ca_La_Vong-Hanoi.html)
    * [Chả cá Anh Vũ](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d3778660-Reviews-Cha_Ca_Anh_Vu-Hanoi.html)
  + [Phở cuốn](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/pho-cuon-huong-mai)

- You can also try [street food tour](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Attraction_Review-g293924-d5583955-Reviews-Hanoi_Street_Food_Tour-Hanoi.html)
- There are many foreign restaurants as well:
  + [Sumo BBQ](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293925-d2403757-Reviews-Sumo_BBQ-Ho_Chi_Minh_City.html)
  + [Mexican food](http://www.tripadvisor.com.vn/Restaurant_Review-g293924-d4942562-Reviews-Latino_Restaurant_Tapas_Bar-Hanoi.html)
  + [Indian food](http://www.foody.vn/ha-noi/namaste-hanoi-am-thuc-an-do)

## Bar

## Shopping

## Tours

## Notes

## Resources

- [Hanoi Minibus](http://www.hanoiairportonline.com/hanoi-airport-minibus/)
